Bug fix on accordion active item (#276)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20240123_103311_nadija_ratkusic_graca_accordion_active_item.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Added

- A bullet item for the Added category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Changed

- A bullet item for the Changed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Deprecated

- A bullet item for the Deprecated category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->

### Fixed

> - Fixed bug on accordion, ensuring the relevant accordion section is opened when navigating from nav cards or by typing the path directly in browser. ([#276](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/276))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug on accordion not opening properly when re-directing to active page via navigation card or URL path. ([#276](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/276))
```
